docs: arbchain-config-pt3 (#2723)
OffchainLabs/arbitrum-docs: docs/launch-arbitrum-chain/partials/config-rollup.mdx

## Pros of using Rollup mode

> - **Security**: Provides maximum security and decentralization by inheriting full Ethereum-grade security without additional trust assumptions beyond the base layer.
> - **Strong Data Availability**: Ensures strong data availability and censorship resistance, as all transaction data is publicly posted on the parent chain, allowing anyone to validate and detect fraud.
> - **Trustless and permissionless**: Fully trustless and permissionless operation, requiring only one honest validator for the system to remain secure, making it ideal for high-value applications like DeFi protocols.
> - **Compatability**: High compatbility with Ethereum, including support for EVM-equivalent smart contracts and tools, while maintaining robust fraud-proof mechanisms.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Security**: Provides maximum security and decentralization by inheriting full Ethereum-grade security without additional trust assumptions beyond the base layer.
- **Strong Data Availability**: Ensures strong data availability and censorship resistance, as all transaction data is publicly posted on the parent chain, allowing anyone to validate and detect fraud.
- **Trustless and permissionless**: Fully trustless and permissionless operation, requiring only one honest validator for the system to remain secure, making it ideal for high-value applications like DeFi protocols.
- **Compatibility**: High compatibility with Ethereum, including support for EVM-equivalent smart contracts and tools, while maintaining robust fraud-proof mechanisms.
```
